bluetooth: ANS: Add Alert Notification Service (#95578)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_ans/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: ble_peripheral_ans
   :name: Peripheral ANS
   :relevant-api: bluetooth

   Send notification using Alert Notification Service (ANS).

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates the usage of ANS by acting as a peripheral periodically sending
notifications to the connected remote device.

Requirements
************

* A board with Bluetooth LE support

> * Smartphone with BLE app (ADI Attach, nRF Connect, etc.) or dedicated BLE sniffer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Smartphone with Bluetooth LE app (ADI Attach, nRF Connect, etc.) or dedicated Bluetooth LE sniffer
```

IMO we should avoid using the term "BLE", and instead rely on the official term "Bluetooth LE"

.. zephyr:code-sample:: ble_peripheral_ans
   :name: Peripheral ANS
   :relevant-api: bluetooth

>    Sample application for Alert Notification Service (ANS).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Send notification using Alert Notification Service (ANS).
```
